
    
    Ahmed Abbasi
IT, Analytics, and Operations
aabbasi@nd.edu


    
    Ann Marie Achille
Accountancy
aachill2@nd.edu


    
    Carl Ackermann
Finance
cackerm1@nd.edu


    
    Christopher Adkins
Management & Organization
cadkins1@nd.edu


    
    John Affleck-Graves
Finance
jaffleck@nd.edu


    
    Josephine Akosa
IT, Analytics, and Operations
jakosa@nd.edu


    
    Corey Angst
IT, Analytics, and Operations
cangst@nd.edu


    
    Wendy Angst
Management & Organization
wangst@nd.edu


    
    Jonathan Arp
IT, Analytics, and Operations
jarp@nd.edu


    
    Brad Badertscher
Accountancy
bbaderts@nd.edu


    
    Timothy Balko
Management & Organization
tbalko@nd.edu


    
    Martin Barron
IT, Analytics, and Operations
mbarron2@nd.edu


    
    Viva Bartkus
Management & Organization
vbartkus@nd.edu


    
    Robert Battalio
Finance
rbattali@nd.edu


    
    Erik Beardsley
Accountancy
ebeardsl@nd.edu


    
    Brett Beasley
Management & Organization
bbeasle1@nd.edu


    
    Christopher Bechler
Marketing
cbechler@nd.edu


    
    Nicholas Berente
IT, Analytics, and Operations
nberente@nd.edu


    
    Jeffrey Bergstrand
Finance
Bergstrand.1@nd.edu


    
    Gianna Bern
Finance
gbern@nd.edu


    
    Jeff Bernel
Management & Organization
jbernel@nd.edu


    
    Seth Berry
IT, Analytics, and Operations
sberry5@nd.edu


    
    Francis Bilson Darku
IT, Analytics, and Operations
fbilsond@nd.edu


    
    Matt Bloom
Management & Organization
mattbloom@nd.edu


    
    Andriy Bodnaruk
Finance
abodnaru@nd.edu


    
    Timothy Bohling
Marketing
tbohling@nd.edu


    
    O. Dorian Boncoeur
Management & Organization
oboncoeu@nd.edu


    
    Jenny Borg
Management & Organization
jborg@nd.edu


    
    Robert Bretz
rbretz@nd.edu


    
    Richard Buhrman
Finance
rbuhrman@nd.edu


    
    Jared Bulosan
IT, Analytics, and Operations
jbulosan@nd.edu


    
    Leo Burke
Leo.Burke.77@nd.edu


    
    Jeffrey Burks
Accountancy
jburks@nd.edu


    
    John Busenbark
Management & Organization
jbusenba@nd.edu


    
    Paul Buser
Finance
pbuser@nd.edu


    
    Joanna Campbell
Management & Organization
jcampb18@nd.edu


    
    Manuela CastiYeagley
Management & Organization
mcastiye@nd.edu


    
    Yu-Chi Chang
Yu-chi.Chang.1@nd.edu


    
    Michael Chapple
IT, Analytics, and Operations
mchapple@nd.edu


    
    Huaizhi Chen
Finance
hchen11@nd.edu


    
    Yixing Chen
Marketing
ychen43@nd.edu


    
    Joseph Cherian
Marketing
jcherian@nd.edu


    
    Elizabeth Chorvat
Accountancy
echorvat@nd.edu


    
    Walter Clements
Finance
wclement@nd.edu


    
    Aimee Cole-Laramore
Management & Organization
 acolelar@nd.edu


    
    Kristen Collett-Schmitt
Finance
kcollett@nd.edu


    
    Jason Colquitt
Management & Organization
Jason.Colquitt@nd.edu 


    
    Edward Conlon
Management & Organization
Edward.J.Conlon.6@nd.edu


    
    Christopher Corrente
IT, Analytics, and Operations
corrente.1@nd.edu


    
    Shane Corwin
Finance
scorwin@nd.edu


    
    Thomas Cosimano
Finance
Thomas.F.Cosimano.1@nd.edu


    
    John Costello
Marketing
jcostel4@nd.edu


    
    Mike Crant
Management & Organization
jcrant@nd.edu


    
    Colleen Creighton
Accountancy
ccreight@nd.edu


    
    Martijn Cremers
mcremers@nd.edu


    
    Jennifer Cronin
Management & Organization
jcronin5@nd.edu


    
    Craig Crossland
Management & Organization
craigcrossland@nd.edu


    
    Zhi Da
Finance
zda@nd.edu


    
    Sarv Devaraj
IT, Analytics, and Operations
sdevaraj@nd.edu


    
    David Dobolyi
IT, Analytics, and Operations
ddobolyi@nd.edu


    
    John Donovan
Accountancy
jdonova4@nd.edu


    
    Kirk Doran
Finance
kdoran@nd.edu


    
    Xiaojing Duan
IT, Analytics, and Operations
xduan@nd.edu


    
    John Dunbar
Finance
jdunbar2@nd.edu


    
    Robert Easley
IT, Analytics, and Operations
reasley@nd.edu


    
    Peter Easton
Accountancy
peaston@nd.edu


    
    David Echeverry
Finance
decheve2@nd.edu


    
    Georges Enderle
Marketing
genderle@nd.edu


    
    Brandon Erlacher
IT, Analytics, and Operations
berlache@nd.edu


    
    Robert Essig
Marketing
ressig@nd.edu


    
    Michael Favorite
Accountancy
mfavori1@nd.edu


    
    Margaret Forster
Finance
mforster@nd.edu


    
    Krista Foster
IT, Analytics, and Operations
kfoster2@nd.edu


    
    Thomas Frecka
Accountancy
frecka.1@nd.edu


    
    James Fuehrmeyer
Accountancy
jfuehrme@nd.edu


    
    Shankar Ganesan
Marketing
sganesan@nd.edu


    
    Pengjie Gao
Finance
pgao@nd.edu


    
    John Gaski
Marketing
jgaski@nd.edu


    
    Frank Germann
Marketing
fgermann@nd.edu


    
    Nasir Ghiaseddin
IT, Analytics, and Operations
Nasir.Ghiaseddin.1@nd.edu


    
    Patrick Gibbons
Management & Organization
pgibbons@nd.edu


    
    Benjamin Golez
Finance
bgolez@nd.edu


    
    Hong Guo
IT, Analytics, and Operations
hguo@nd.edu


    
    John Halloran
Finance
halloran.1@nd.edu


    
    Chad Harms
Management & Organization
charms@nd.edu


    
    Randal Harrison
Management & Organization
rharriso@nd.edu


    
    Kevin Hartman
IT, Analytics, and Operations
khartman@nd.edu


    
    David Hartvigsen
IT, Analytics, and Operations
David.Hartvigsen.1@nd.edu


    
    Sharon Hayward
IT, Analytics, and Operations
shayward@nd.edu


    
    Jennifer Heckel
Marketing
jheckel@nd.edu


    
    Douglass Hemphill
Management & Organization
Douglass.R.Hemphill.1@nd.edu


    
    Maureen Hogue
IT, Analytics, and Operations
hogue.3@nd.edu


    
    Laura Hollis
Accountancy
lhollis@nd.edu


    
    Joseph Holt
Management & Organization
jholt@nd.edu


    
    Roger Huang
Finance
Roger.Huang.31@nd.edu


    
    Timothy Hubbard
Management & Organization
thubbard@nd.edu


    
    Christian Hughes
Marketing
c.hughes@nd.edu


    
    Edward Hums
Accountancy
Hums.2@nd.edu


    
    Charlice Hurst
Management & Organization
churst2@nd.edu


    
    David Hutchison
Finance
dhutchis@nd.edu


    
    Huy Huynh
IT, Analytics, and Operations
hhuynh1@nd.edu


    
    Adam Hyde
Finance
ahyde2@nd.edu


    
    Craig Iffland
Marketing
ciffland@nd.edu


    
    Andrew Imdieke
Accountancy
aimdieke@nd.edu


    
    Colin Jones
Finance
cjones34@nd.edu


    
    Julia Kalish
IT, Analytics, and Operations
jkalish@nd.edu


    
    Vamsi Kanuri
Marketing
vkanuri@nd.edu


    
    Barry Keating
Finance
Barry.P.Keating.1@nd.edu


    
    Ken Kelley
IT, Analytics, and Operations
kkelley@nd.edu


    
    Peter Kelly
Finance
pkelly6@nd.edu


    
    John  Kennedy
Marketing
jkenne23@nd.edu


    
    Micki Kidder
Management & Organization
mkidder@nd.edu


    
    Scott Kirner
IT, Analytics, and Operations
scott@nd.edu


    
    Don Kleinmuntz
IT, Analytics, and Operations
dkleinmu@nd.edu


    
    Zachary Kowaleski
Accountancy
zkowales@nd.edu


    
    Douglas Kroll
Accountancy
dkroll@nd.edu


    
    Linda Kroll
Accountancy
lkroll@nd.edu


    
    Timothy Kundro
Management & Organization
tkundro@nd.edu


    
    John Lalor
IT, Analytics, and Operations
john.lalor@nd.edu


    
    Jerry Langley
Finance
jlangley@nd.edu


    
    Howard Lanser
Finance
hlanser1@nd.edu


    
    Stephannie Larocque
Accountancy
larocque.1@nd.edu


    
    James Leady
Finance
jleady@nd.edu


    
    Junghee Lee
IT, Analytics, and Operations
jlee93@nd.edu


    
    Brian Levey
Accountancy
blevey@nd.edu


    
    Robert Lewandowski
IT, Analytics, and Operations
rlewando@nd.edu


    
    Chao-Shin Liu
Accountancy
cliu@nd.edu


    
    Angela Logan
Management & Organization
alogan2@nd.edu


    
    Johnathan Loudis
Finance
jloudis@nd.edu


    
    Timothy Loughran
Finance
loughran.9@nd.edu


    
    Michael Mannor
Management & Organization
mikemannor@nd.edu


    
    Kirsten Martin
IT, Analytics, and Operations
kmarti33@nd.edu


    
    Ben Matthies
Finance
bmatthie@nd.edu


    
    Bill McDonald
Finance
mcdonald@nd.edu


    
    Muffet McGraw
Management & Organization


    
    Amanda McKendree
Management & Organization
amckendr@nd.edu


    
    Jessica McManus Warnell
Management & Organization
jmcmanus@nd.edu


    
    Richard Mendenhall
Finance
Richard.R.Mendenhall.1@nd.edu


    
    Michael Meyer
Accountancy
meyer.96@nd.edu


    
    John Michel
Management & Organization
jmichel@nd.edu


    
    Kenneth Milani
Accountancy
kmilani@nd.edu


    
    Jeffrey Miller
Accountancy
jmille11@nd.edu


    
    Samuel Miller
Management & Organization
smille27@nd.edu


    
    Fred Mittelstaedt
Accountancy
hmittels@nd.edu


    
    Mike Montalbano
Management & Organization
mmontalb@nd.edu


    
    Elizabeth Moore
Marketing
Elizabeth.Moore.96@nd.edu


    
    Mike Morris
Accountancy
Morris.2@nd.edu


    
    Timothy Morrison
Accountancy
tmorris6@nd.edu


    
    Kris Muir
Management & Organization
kmuir2@nd.edu


    
    Cindy Muir (Zapata)
Management & Organization
cindy.muir@nd.edu


    
    Patrick Murphy
Marketing
Patrick.E.Murphy.72@nd.edu


    
    Tonia Murphy
Accountancy
tmurphy1@nd.edu


    
    Dale Nees
dnees@nd.edu


    
    Scott Nestler
IT, Analytics, and Operations
snestler@nd.edu


    
    Philip Newbold
Management & Organization
pnewbold@nd.edu


    
    William Nichols
Accountancy
wnichols@nd.edu


    
    Sharif Nijim
IT, Analytics, and Operations
snijim@nd.edu


    
    Frederick Nwanganga
IT, Analytics, and Operations
fnwangan@nd.edu


    
    James O'Brien
Accountancy
jobrien1@nd.edu


    
    Mary O'Callaghan
IT, Analytics, and Operations
mocalla4@nd.edu


    
    Mitchell Olsen
Marketing
molsen2@nd.edu


    
    James O'Rourke
Management & Organization
jorourke@nd.edu


    
    Janet O'Tousa
Accountancy
jotousa1@nd.edu


    
    James Otteson
Marketing
jotteson@nd.edu


    
    Gerard Pannekoek
Management & Organization
gpanneko@nd.edu


    
    Melissa Paulsen
Management & Organization
paulsen.5@nd.edu


    
    Stefano Pegoraro
Finance
s.pegoraro@nd.edu


    
    Brian Pracht
Marketing
bpracht@nd.edu


    
    Xinxue Qu
IT, Analytics, and Operations
xqu2@nd.edu


    
    Ramachandran Ramanan
Accountancy
rramanan@nd.edu


    
    Samuel Ranzilla
Accountancy
sranzill@nd.edu


    
    Jason Reed
Finance
jreed11@nd.edu


    
    Frank Reilly
Finance
Reilly.1@nd.edu


    
    Dave Ricchiute
Accountancy
ricchiute.1@nd.edu


    
    Kristopher  Rich
Marketing
krich3@nd.edu


    
    Juan Rivera
jrivera@nd.edu


    
    Kelly Rubey
Management & Organization
kchase@nd.edu


    
    Thomas Schaefer
Accountancy
tschaefe@nd.edu


    
    William Schmuhl
Accountancy
schmuhl.7@nd.edu


    
    Paul Schultz
Finance
pschultz@nd.edu


    
    Jim Seida
Accountancy
jseida@nd.edu


    
    Richard Sheehan
Finance
Richard.G.Sheehan.1@nd.edu


    
    Dean Shepherd
Management & Organization
dshephe1@nd.edu


    
    John Sherry
Marketing
jsherry@nd.edu


    
    John Shim
Finance
jshim2@nd.edu


    
    Sophie Shive
Finance
sshive1@nd.edu


    
    Gina Shropshire
Management & Organization
Gina.V.Shropshire.1@nd.edu


    
    John Sikorski
Marketing
jsikors2@nd.edu


    
    Scott Siler
IT, Analytics, and Operations
siler@nd.edu


    
    Barbara Singer
Management & Organization
bcheng@nd.edu


    
    James Smith
IT, Analytics, and Operations
jsmith68@nd.edu


    
    Brittany Solomon (Hall)
Management & Organization
bsolomon+@nd.edu


    
    Sriram Somanchi
IT, Analytics, and Operations
ssomanch@nd.edu


    
    Yoonseock Son
IT, Analytics, and Operations
yson@nd.edu


    
    Forrest  Spence
Finance
fspence@nd.edu


    
    Katherine Spiess
Finance
Spiess.1@nd.edu


    
    Christopher Stevens
Management & Organization
csteven6@nd.edu


    
    John Stiver
Finance
jstiver@nd.edu


    
    Thomas Stober
Accountancy
tstober@nd.edu


    
    Daewon Sun
IT, Analytics, and Operations
dsun@nd.edu


    
    Joseph Sweeney
Management & Organization
jsweene1@nd.edu


    
    Ann Tenbrunsel
Management & Organization
atenbrun@nd.edu


    
    Margaret Traeger
IT, Analytics, and Operations
mtraege2@nd.edu


    
    Joel Urbany
Marketing
urbany@nd.edu


    
    Keith Urtel
Accountancy
kurtel1@nd.edu


    
    Sandra Vera-Munoz
Accountancy
sveramun@nd.edu


    
    Warren Von Eschenbach
IT, Analytics, and Operations
wvonesch@nd.edu


    
    Jennifer Waddell
IT, Analytics, and Operations
jwaddell@nd.edu


    
    Chen Wang
Finance
chen.wang@nd.edu


    
    Jessica Watkins
Accountancy
jburjek@nd.edu


    
    John Weber
Marketing
John.A.Weber.1@nd.edu


    
    Jerry Wei
IT, Analytics, and Operations
jwei@nd.edu


    
    Andrew Wendelborn
wendelborn.1@nd.edu


    
    Hal White
Accountancy
hwhite5@nd.edu


    
    William Wilkie
Marketing
wwilkie@nd.edu


    
    Oliver Williams
Management & Organization
owilliam@nd.edu


    
    James Wittenbach
Accountancy
jwittenb@nd.edu


    
    Adam Wowak
Management & Organization
awowak@nd.edu


    
    Kaitlin Wowak
IT, Analytics, and Operations
katie.wowak@nd.edu


    
    Jun Yang
Finance
jyang23@nd.edu


    
    Joonhyuk Yang
Marketing
joonhyuk.yang@nd.edu


    
    Rafael Zambrana
Finance
rzambra2@nd.edu


    
    Michal Zator
Finance
mzator@nd.edu


    
    Xuying Zhao
IT, Analytics, and Operations
xzhao1@nd.edu


    
    Zifeng Zhao
IT, Analytics, and Operations
zzhao2@nd.edu

