
        
        Raymond Alavo
salavo@nd.edu


        
        Chase Bair
Marketing
cbair2@nd.edu


        
        Erin Bellissimo
Finance
ebelliss@nd.edu


        
        Crystal Boser
Management & Organization
cboser@nd.edu


        
        Patty Brady
Finance
Patricia.Brady@nd.edu


        
        Stephanie Brown
sbrown37@nd.edu


        
        Kim Brumbaugh
Kim.A.Brumbaugh.3@nd.edu


        
        Angela Byce
abyce@nd.edu


        
        Jodie Campbell
jsignori@nd.edu


        
        Candice Cleveland
cclevel1@nd.edu


        
        Samantha Cloon
svassane@nd.edu


        
        Debbie Coch
dcoch@nd.edu


        
        Mary Coghlin
mcoghlin@nd.edu


        
        Brian Connelly
bconnel2@nd.edu


        
        Colleen Cota
ccota@nd.edu


        
        Samantha Crisp
scrisp@nd.edu


        
        Jim Cunningham
jcunni10@nd.edu


        
        Amy Dame
adame@nd.edu


        
        Heather DeCourval
hdecourv@nd.edu


        
        Michael Deike
mdeike@nd.edu


        
        Heather Denton
hcook2@nd.edu


        
        Christopher Ditmar
jditmar@nd.edu


        
        Marcus Dittmer
mdittmer@nd.edu


        
        Philip Drendall
pdrendal@nd.edu


        
        Stephanie Drudge
sdrudge@nd.edu


        
        Mark Dumich
Finance
mdumich@nd.edu


        
        Lucas Eggers
leggers@nd.edu


        
        Carol Elliott
celliot1@nd.edu


        
        Drew Espeseth
despeset@nd.edu


        
        Melinda Evans
mevans8@nd.edu


        
        Nicholas Farmer
nfarmer@nd.edu


        
        Patrick Farran
pfarran@nd.edu


        
        Joel Farran
jfarran@nd.edu


        
        Kelly  Favory
kfavory@nd.edu


        
        Kim Ferraro
kferraro@nd.edu


        
        Doug Franson
dfranson@nd.edu


        
        Chris Fruehwirth
cfruehwi@nd.edu


        
        Hank Gettinger
wgetting@nd.edu


        
        Laura Glassford
lglassfo@nd.edu


        
        Christine Gramhofer-Megaro
cgramhof@nd.edu


        
        Brandon Greenawalt
bgreenaw@nd.edu


        
        Chris Grenert
Chris.Grenert@nd.edu


        
        David Grundy
dgrundy@nd.edu


        
        Karma Grundy
kgrundy@nd.edu


        
        Kalynda Hamilton
khamilt5@nd.edu


        
        Ashley Heberling
Management & Organization
aheberl2@nd.edu


        
        Lisa Heming
lheming@nd.edu


        
        Chris Henderson
chender4@nd.edu


        
        Helen High
hhigh@nd.edu


        
        Christopher Hillak
chillak@nd.edu


        
        Ashlee Hoogenboom
ahoogenb@nd.edu


        
        Ryan Hudson
Ryan.Hudson.33@nd.edu


        
        Meghan Huff
mhuff@nd.edu


        
        Amanda Jacobson
ajacobs7@nd.edu


        
        Martin Johnson
mjohns69@nd.edu


        
        Sarah Joyce-Baker
sjoyce3@nd.edu


        
        Rachel Karnafel
rkarnafe@nd.edu


        
        Rob Kelly
rkelly1@nd.edu


        
        Cathi Kennedy
ckenned7@nd.edu


        
        Cassie Kline
ckline3@nd.edu


        
        Kamil Kosidlak
kkosidla@nd.edu


        
        Santhosh Lakkaraju
slakkar2@nd.edu


        
        Franklin Mark
Franklin.T.Mark.5@nd.edu


        
        Lorie Marsh
Accountancy
Lorie.Marsh.28@nd.edu


        
        Jeremy May
Jeremy.M.May.23@nd.edu


        
        Morgan McCoy
mschlarb@nd.edu


        
        Shane McCoy
Shane.M.McCoy.40@nd.edu 


        
        Jennifer McGuire
jmcguir5@nd.edu


        
        Lindsey McIntyre
lmcinty1@nd.edu


        
        Letecia McKinney
lmckinn2@nd.edu


        
        Jean Meade
Jean.Meade@nd.edu


        
        Nora Mena Mahmudi
amenamah@nd.edu


        
        Lisa Michaels
Lisa.Michaels.15@nd.edu


        
        Elliot Miller
emille19@nd.edu


        
        Carol Mullaney
IT, Analytics, and Operations
cmullane@nd.edu


        
        MinHee Myung
mmyung@nd.edu


        
        Sherry Nadai
snadai@nd.edu


        
        Maggie Neenan-Michel
Mary.M.Neenan.1@nd.edu


        
        James Ng
james.ng@nd.edu


        
        Jessica Noffsinger
jsecviar@nd.edu


        
        Zara Osterman
zosterm2@nd.edu


        
        Nick Page
npage@nd.edu


        
        Kara Palmer
kpalmer4@nd.edu


        
        Denayia Phillips
dphilli9@nd.edu


        
        Dana Pierce
dpierce3@nd.edu


        
        Pete Pietraszewski
bpietras@nd.edu


        
        Tracey Plenzler
tplenzle@nd.edu


        
        Hermalena Powell
hpowell@nd.edu


        
        Katie Price
kprice5@nd.edu


        
        Sarah Priebe
spriebe1@nd.edu


        
        Carmen Quinn
cquinn23@nd.edu


        
        Amy Radvansky
Amy.G.Radvansky@nd.edu


        
        Jennifer Ransbottom
jransbot@nd.edu


        
        Ryan Retartha
rretarth@nd.edu


        
        Amanda Rink
Finance
arink@nd.edu


        
        Priscilla Rodriguez
prodrig6@nd.edu


        
        John Rooney
John.T.Rooney.40@nd.edu


        
        Ardea Russo
Ardea.C.Russo.23@nd.edu


        
        Kellie Rzepka
krzepka2@nd.edu


        
        Natalie Sargent
nsargent@nd.edu


        
        Mary Scardillo
mscardil@nd.edu


        
        Brooke Shannon
bshanno5@nd.edu


        
        Angela Sienko
asienko@nd.edu


        
        David Smiley
dsmiley@nd.edu


        
        Cassandra Smith
Cassandra.A.Smith.1021@nd.edu


        
        Beth Smith
esmith19@nd.edu


        
        Bailey Smith
IT, Analytics, and Operations
bkohr2@nd.edu 


        
        Kendall Smith
IT, Analytics, and Operations
ksmith77@nd.edu


        
        Amy Spangler
aspangl1@nd.edu


        
        Jim Spencer
jspence4@nd.edu


        
        Tamara Springer
Tamara.R.Chapman.1@nd.edu


        
        Jessica Stookey
jgreen5@nd.edu


        
        Maria Stutsman y Marquez
mstutsma@nd.edu


        
        Theresa Swain
Finance
tswain@nd.edu


        
        Tahra Taylor
ttaylo23@nd.edu


        
        Natashia Thornton
nthornt2@nd.edu


        
        Joseph Torma
jtorma1@nd.edu


        
        Teresa True
ttrue@nd.edu


        
        Annette Tysver
atysver@nd.edu


        
        Constance Varga
cvarga1@nd.edu


        
        Nicole Velasquez
nguerrer@nd.edu


        
        Wendy Walker
Wwinovic@nd.edu


        
        Brandi Wampler
bklinger@nd.edu


        
        Diego Wang
Heng.Wang.96@nd.edu


        
        Kyle Way
kway@nd.edu


        
        Kathleen Webb
Marketing
kwebb5@nd.edu


        
        Angela Wesley
awesleyc@nd.edu


        
        Barbara Westra
Accountancy
bwestra@nd.edu


        
        Katy White
katywhite@nd.edu


        
        Suzanne Witt
switt4@nd.edu


        
        David Yeh
Ting-Kin.D.Yeh.1@nd.edu


        
        Richard Yoo
ryoo@nd.edu


        
        Janel Zakrzewski-Kuntz
jzakrze2@nd.edu

